readme.md, before:

# Scrapfarer

## Hello modders!

I don't plan on adding any more content myself, but I accept pull requests if anyone gets inspired

- Only upload your own code (base game code is also acceptable)
- Keep it balanced
- All bug fixes are welcomed!

### Ideas

Straight from my 'future features' todo list

- Timer for all runs after the first (bonus if you list the times for each stage as they are completed, look at speedrunner streams for what I'm talking about)
- Turn the logbook into a menu that can start/stop runs and open the monitor UIs. Must be same style as other UIs
- Effects (there are ~28 damage and hit effects in `Effects/Database/EffectSets/obstacles.effectset` that need changing, just diddn't get round to it for release)
- If some genius can add part mod support that would be so awesome (as in, another mod maker could add shop items. Maybe have them include a json file in their mod that specifies unlock area positions/sizes, cost etc...)
- More priate mission rewards
- Day/night cycle
- Better water shader
- Better skybox
- Visualise coins earned in-game
- Bug fixes
- Friction balance (I don't think this is needed at all)
- Sounds
- More obstacles
- Localization (good luck! Images are going to be hard to translate. IBM VGA 8x14 regular with pablodraw)
- More shop unlocks
- Map reworks
- Map secrets / puzzles

Commit message:

Add 'progress transfer room' to ideas

readme.md, after:

# Scrapfarer

## Hello modders!

I don't plan on adding any more content myself, but I accept pull requests if anyone gets inspired

- Only upload your own code (base game code is also acceptable)
- Keep it balanced
- All bug fixes are welcomed!

### Ideas

Straight from my 'future features' todo list, ordered by coolest to lamest

- The 'progress transfer' room (general idea, may change in practicality)
  - Type a command, teleport to the room
  - The players lift is placed on a podium, with a 'transfer cube' on it
  - The cube contains all the players progress in its shape data
  - The player can then save the cube to their lift
  - Or the player can load a cube from the lift and press a button to load progress from the cube
- Timer for all runs after the first (bonus if you list the times for each stage as they are completed, look at speedrunner streams for what I'm talking about)
- Turn the logbook into a menu that can start/stop runs and open the monitor UIs. Must be same style as other UIs
- Effects (there are ~28 damage and hit effects in `Effects/Database/EffectSets/obstacles.effectset` that need changing, just diddn't get round to it for release)
- If some genius can add part mod support that would be so awesome (as in, another mod maker could add shop items. Maybe have them include a json file in their mod that specifies unlock area positions/sizes, cost etc...)
- More priate mission rewards
- Day/night cycle
- Better water shader
- Better skybox
- Visualise coins earned in-game
- Bug fixes
- Friction balance (I don't think this is needed at all)
- Sounds
- More obstacles
- Localization (good luck! Images are going to be hard to translate. IBM VGA 8x14 regular with pablodraw)
- More shop unlocks
- Map reworks
- Map secrets / puzzles
